at last we come face to face here we go
the absolute final boss the final moment
of all final boss fades or something
like that and we don't actually pay
anybody we just have to do stuff the
first thing we do is ace all these
we that was
tell you sure has a strong pair of teeth
well enough pair of teeth straw jaw line
I can't talk today I guess the
excitement of a vainly finishing tight
it's like I keep saying it's been a
while okay next part we need the
flamerangs ash recall
I mean first we force this open here
I don't care anymore I just want to beat
it and you have to destroy all of this
otherwise an absolutely endless
armada of blue tongues and throws will
come out you can sit here for hours and
kill every single one is on the network
fucking matter
the zapper ring is so fucking useless
I just realized things you use the ice
I've been calling it a Issa rang and
it's really caught the frosty rang use
the frosty rang and the flea meringue in
this philosophy and you don't have to
use the zapper anger or even though you
just got it take walks for the flames no
have your sly what I should have done
years ago I'm giving him a hand
this always pissed me off how come you
don't get to play with this boomerang in
leg or the other levels remember to love
that it's just like it reminds me of the
visible from Ratchet and Clank ok can I
do this in one girl
I'm sure I can thank kick-ass you can
limit trays anyway so
whoo shit ball Oh which way which way
which way this way
this is probably confusing the hello you
guys watching it on a little YouTube
screen
no this is kind of boring
I can remember a whole lot more sound of
weird sound effects when I played this
on the ps2 I'm not really hearing as
much on the GameCube version I've never
beaten this game on the Gamecube
actually I reboard it just for nostalgic
purposes because I played this much on
the ps2 I figured up trying different
various Metroid game conversion it's the
same well it's not the same ps2 versions
so that there oh oh my god oh shit let's
get intense oh there we go
I'd say you guys we done that that's it
done absolute self I mean well we
shouldn't use much of credits
bonza the talismans are back where they
belong
order is restored and chaos has been
averted all thanks to you ty the
Tasmanian tiger
no problem might I'm just doing my job
so what was a cat's want to do
that they want every single ties meeting
Tiger gun because they were all in there
anyway
that looks a bit familiar doesn't it
okay I'm gonna wish no well actually not
cuz you dwarf can't even read that
anyway we hope you enjoy clean time
Tasmanian tiger thanks a lot Ethan axel
isn't there a button I can press to make
this go faster I'm sure there was i
holding them both for our analyses thing
okay yeah that was that but there's a
little ending that you get a few beat
the game 100% which you guys will see in
a minute but yeah this was a this is a
good let's play I'd like to thank other
days a comment and then we're patient
with me and all this only up wouldn't
have had to do thank you very much
people seem to actually enjoy my lights
please oh really coming you tip to do
them a butthole do some more light right
here it comes here
the alternative anything okay yeah that
was the stupidest thing ever because you
know you you never hear from that robot
ever again seriously so what I don't
know why they put it there but whatever
anyway that's that guys over and done
with
zilch no more absolutely nothing goodbye